[TW-387] Run in Postman button doc refresh (#4295)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/publishing-your-api/run-in-postman/creating-run-button.md

  - type: section
    name: "Next Steps"
  - type: link
    name: "Generating API documentation"
    url: "/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/"
  - type: link
    name: "Managing environments"
    url: "/docs/sending-requests/managing-environments/"

---

> One way to [share your Postman collections](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/sharing/) is to create a stand-alone **Run in Postman** button. The **Run in Postman** button <img alt="Run in Postman button" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/run-in-postman-button-icon.jpg#icon" width="100px"/> allows users to fork the collections. You can embed the button in your website or a README to let developers interact with your API more quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to [share your Postman collections](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/sharing/) is to create a standalone **Run in Postman** button. The **Run in Postman** button <img alt="Run in Postman button" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/run-in-postman-button-icon.jpg#icon" width="100px"/> allows users to fork the collections. You can embed the button in your website or a README to let developers interact with your API more quickly.
```
